Sarin is pushing me
Acknowledge his voice in front of the camera
Now he has the ability to speak
If you don't kill
Just ferment him into the hatred of the Ye family
Did you say that you are riding a tiger now?
everyone
Please stay
Miss Sarin
It's my girlfriend.
You say I'm old and cowardly
I called you.
Stay. I just like being up front
What is reluctant to kill spirits and sterilize is related to my heart
This bastard
If you want to kill bacteria, you will be your elders.
Doors are gone
Mr. Sha, I heard you've been looking for your sister
And it just so happens what his name is too
Don't you think this sister is a bit too coincidental?
If my sister-in-law is in a place like this
There is a blatant reminder of the connection between a pair and sarin
Maybe your real fool will come over
There are many fluffy people in the world
I am also because of this name
It also has something to do with the sand
Really?
Aren't you the name of the cat named Mr. Sha's sister?
The design is deliberately connected to the sand
There are very few people entering the sand
Is it really like what the liquid says?
It was designed by this maid
Sir, Master Lin
Now it's Mr. Sha again
This maid is not ordinary